Update weather.markdown (#35145)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/weather.markdown

> - **Hail**: Hailstones are falling.

Reviewer: so, Clear-night -> Clear, night
Snowy-rainy -> Snowy, rainy
windy-variant -> Windy, cloudy

- **Lightning**: Lightning/thunderstorms are occurring.

> - **Lightning-rainy**: Lightning/thunderstorm is occurring along with rain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Lightning, rainy**: Lightning/thunderstorm is occurring along with rain.
```

> - **Partlycloudy**: The sky is partially covered with clouds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Partly cloudy**: The sky is partially covered with clouds.
```
